hi guys it's Kara with the bag holder
and it's been ages since I've done a
video but i just wanted to show you this
great little trick that I saw I'm just
mixed any cake mix brownie mix whatever
in a bag using the bag holder that's how
I do everything of course you can do a
bowl and I'm going to snip the tip and
if you don't know how to do this go
check out another video I'm gonna do
this is thin so that I can pipe it right
into the cupcake liner so I don't make
any mess so you just snip the tip like
that pour it in but the genius of this
that I saw somewhere and I had to share
is that I'm using ketchup containers as
well to make little mini cupcakes it's
so cute so I'm just going to fill this
quickly bake it however you bake it
knows no secret here now use the bag
we're going to fill these little ketchup
holders halfway I kind of took extra
from mcdonalds so thank you for sharing
and you can see if you use a bag it just
to make a mess which I love again it's
super four batters waffle brownies
exedra i'm going to show you a couple
other things coming up but i wanted to
just show you this i'm going to go ahead
and pop these in oven and we'll see you
in a few minutes while the cupcakes are
baking I want you to go ahead and grab a
bag if you don't have a holder just so
grab a little bag big bag it doesn't
matter and add icing this is going to be
an easy way to pipe the icing right on
the cupcake kids can do it add a color
now you saw i did chocolate because i'm
going to make these with orange icing
and then some wood glue but i wanted to
give you the idea for orange because
it's great for um halloween with the
black cupcakes go ahead and zip it up
you can see I've already mixed this one
basically turn it into a ready to go
piping bag and I'll show you what to do
as soon as they're done they're all
finished baking and I had to show you
this this is what I'm talking about
how cute is this little pumpkins I used
green icing and orange icing actually I
used white can dicing and added stuff
this is what they look like when they
come out of the wrapper just little mini
cupcakes adorable perfect for little
preschool parties or um anything so i
just want to show you how easy it is to
actually ice a cupcake or anything with
these bags see how easy this is and
isn't this beautiful lovely let it go
and show you really quick and when
you're doing it all you have to do is
just keep the tip up and it won't get
anywhere on the counter so you can go
switch between all your different colors
I put a little on the outside too in
this neat little pumpkin face add a
little green stem and we have our
pumpkin isn't that great thanks for
joining me it's Kara with the bag holder
as well as today's living check us out
see you soon I'm back for one last show
it really is genius these bags piping
your icing or fillings with these look
how easy this is and it looks so nice
and I can go back and I can put it
another color
just pop it up and then go ahead and add
your little green top isn't that cute
all right